Absorb Bulb: Increases Special Attack when hit by a Water-type move.
Adamant Orb: Boosts the power of Dialga's Dragon- and Steel-type moves.
Adrenaline Orb: Increases Speed if the holder is intimidated.
Air Balloon: Grants immunity to Ground-type moves until hit.
Amulet Coin: Doubles prize money received after battle.
Assault Vest: Boosts Special Defense but prevents the use of status moves.
Big Root: Increases the HP gained from HP-stealing moves.
Binding Band: Increases the damage dealt by binding moves.
Black Belt: Boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
Black Glasses: Boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
Black Sludge: Gradually restores HP of Poison-type Pokémon; damages others.
Blue Orb: Triggers Primal Reversion for Kyogre.
Bright Powder: Lowers the opponent's accuracy.
Bug Gem: Boosts the power of a single Bug-type move, then disappears.
Burn Drive: Changes the type of Genesect's Techno Blast to Fire.
Cell Battery: Increases Attack when hit by an Electric-type move.
Charcoal: Boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
Chesto Berry: Awakens the holder from sleep.
Chill Drive: Changes the type of Genesect's Techno Blast to Ice.
Choice Band: Boosts Attack but only allows the use of one move.
Choice Scarf: Boosts Speed but only allows the use of one move.
Choice Specs: Boosts Special Attack but only allows the use of one move.
Cleanse Tag: Lowers the wild Pokémon encounter rate.
Damp Rock: Extends the duration of Rain Dance.
Dark Gem: Boosts the power of a single Dark-type move, then disappears.
Deep Sea Scale: Boosts the Special Defense of Clamperl.
Deep Sea Tooth: Boosts the Special Attack of Clamperl.
Destiny Knot: If the holder becomes infatuated, the other Pokémon also becomes infatuated.
Dragon Fang: Boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
Dragon Gem: Boosts the power of a single Dragon-type move, then disappears.
Dread Plate: Boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
Eject Button: Switches the holder out of battle when hit.
Eject Pack: Switches the holder out of battle if its stats are lowered.
Electric Seed: Boosts Defense when Electric Terrain is active.
Everstone: Prevents the holder from evolving.
Eviolite: Boosts Defense and Special Defense of Pokémon that can still evolve.
Expert Belt: Boosts the power of super effective moves.
Fairy Gem: Boosts the power of a single Fairy-type move, then disappears.
Fighting Gem: Boosts the power of a single Fighting-type move, then disappears.
Fire Gem: Boosts the power of a single Fire-type move, then disappears.
Flame Orb: Burns the holder at the end of the turn.
Flame Plate: Boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
Float Stone: Halves the holder's weight.
Flying Gem: Boosts the power of a single Flying-type move, then disappears.
Focus Band: May prevent the holder from fainting in one hit.
Focus Sash: Prevents the holder from fainting in one hit, leaving it with 1 HP.
Full Incense: Makes the holder move last in its priority bracket.
Ghost Gem: Boosts the power of a single Ghost-type move, then disappears.
Grass Gem: Boosts the power of a single Grass-type move, then disappears.
Grassy Seed: Boosts Defense when Grassy Terrain is active.
Grip Claw: Extends the duration of binding moves.
Ground Gem: Boosts the power of a single Ground-type move, then disappears.
Haban Berry: Weakens a super effective Dragon-type move against the holder.
Hard Stone: Boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
Heat Rock: Extends the duration of Sunny Day.
Heavy-Duty Boots: Protects the holder from hazards on the battlefield.
Helix Fossil: Revives into Omanyte.
Icy Rock: Extends the duration of Hail.
Iron Ball: Lowers Speed and makes Flying-type Pokémon susceptible to Ground moves.
Iron Plate: Boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
King's Rock: May cause the opponent to flinch when the holder inflicts damage.
Lagging Tail: Makes the holder move last in its priority bracket.
Lax Incense: Lowers the opponent's accuracy.
Leftovers: Gradually restores HP in battle.
Life Orb: Boosts the power of moves but the holder takes damage with each hit.
Light Ball: Doubles Pikachu's Attack and Special Attack.
Light Clay: Extends the duration of Light Screen and Reflect.
Love Ball: Easier to catch Pokémon of the opposite gender.
Lucky Egg: Increases the holder's experience points gained in battle.
Lucky Punch: Increases Chansey's critical hit ratio.
Lum Berry: Heals any status condition once.
Lustrous Orb: Boosts the power of Palkia's Dragon- and Water-type moves.
Macho Brace: Doubles the holder's effort values gained from battle.
Magnet: Boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
Mental Herb: Cures infatuation, taunting, torment, and other mental effects.
Metal Coat: Boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
Metronome: Boosts the power of a move used consecutively.
Miracle Seed: Boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
Misty Seed: Boosts Special Defense when Misty Terrain is active.
Muscle Band: Boosts the power of the holder's physical moves.
Mystic Water: Boosts the power of Water-type moves.
Never-Melt Ice: Boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
Normal Gem: Boosts the power of a single Normal-type move, then disappears.
Occa Berry: Weakens a super effective Fire-type move against the holder.
Odd Incense: Boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
Passho Berry: Weakens a super effective Water-type move against the holder.
Payapa Berry: Weakens a super effective Psychic-type move against the holder.
Pecha Berry: Heals the holder from poisoning.
Persim Berry: Heals the holder from confusion.
Petaya Berry: Increases Special Attack when HP is low.
Pixie Plate: Boosts the power of Fairy-type moves.
Poison Barb: Boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
Power Herb: Allows immediate use of a move that charges on the first turn.
Protective Pads: Prevents contact effects when using moves.
Psychic Seed: Boosts Special Defense when Psychic Terrain is active.
Quick Claw: Occasionally allows the holder to move first in battle.
Quick Powder: Doubles Ditto's Speed.
Rawst Berry: Heals the holder from a burn.
Razor Claw: Increases the holder's critical hit ratio.
Razor Fang: May cause the opponent to flinch when the holder inflicts damage.
Red Card: Forces the opponent to switch out if it hits the holder.
Ring Target: Removes immunities granted by the holder's typing.
Rock Gem: Boosts the power of a single Rock-type move, then disappears.
Rock Incense: Boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
Rocky Helmet: Damages the attacker upon contact.
Room Service: Lowers Speed when Trick Room is active.
Scope Lens: Increases the holder's critical hit ratio.
Sharp Beak: Boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
Shell Bell: Restores HP based on the damage dealt to the opponent.
Shuca Berry: Weakens a super effective Ground-type move against the holder.
Silk Scarf: Boosts the power of Normal-type moves.
Silver Powder: Boosts the power of Bug-type moves.
Sitrus Berry: Restores HP when it drops below half.
Smooth Rock: Extends the duration of Sandstorm.
Snowball: Increases Attack when hit by an Ice-type move.
Soft Sand: Boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
Soul Dew: Boosts the power of Latios and Latias's Psychic- and Dragon-type moves.
Spell Tag: Boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
Starf Berry: Increases a random stat when HP is low.
Sticky Barb: Damages the holder each turn; can transfer on contact.
Stone Plate: Boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
Tanga Berry: Weakens a super effective Bug-type move against the holder.
Thick Club: Doubles Cubone or Marowak's Attack.
Toxic Orb: Badly poisons the holder at the end of the turn.
Toxic Plate: Boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
Twisted Spoon: Boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
Utility Umbrella: Negates weather-related effects.
Wacan Berry: Weakens a super effective Electric-type move against the holder.
Weakness Policy: Increases Attack and Special Attack when hit by a super effective move.
White Herb: Restores any lowered stat.
Wide Lens: Increases the holder's accuracy.
Wise Glasses: Boosts the power of special moves.
Yache Berry: Weakens a super effective Ice-type move against the holder.
Zap Plate: Boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
Zoom Lens: Increases accuracy if the holder moves after the target.